[Music]
six hours later and chris has clocked
off
but his day's not over
with less than two weeks until the
hotel's charity boxing event
he's been invited to the homeless
shelter lawrence launched
for one of his final training sessions
the plan for
tonight is to go meet the residents and
the guys that have been on the streets
for a while
i think i need to give me something else
which is going to say come on chris you
can do this
rather than just being a little bit
selfish at the moment and just
having complete fear
these 12 amateur boxers will all be
going toe to toe at the hotel's fight
night
i didn't realize how many people would
be here feels like quite real now
doesn't it
chris is one of the least experienced
fighters
and as the shelter's residents look on
it's his first time throwing punches in
front of a crowd
[Music]
i think from my mindset to get into it i
need to create
a persona someone who is like you know a
vicious person that can get into that
ring
and be that person
and kept on coming up with these names
that were just not bad not very scary
like cuthbert and all this stuff like
cuspid the killer
[Music]
it's not really an aggressive name is it
you're fighting
chris may not see himself as a serious
contender
[Music]
but the homeless people that live here
welcome anyone who's willing to raise
money for the shelter
long-term resident brian has been
mentoring richie
one of the newest arrivals have you just
come into the shelter i come in about
six weeks ago yeah
yeah are you finding it i love it it's a
family environment
when he first come in i thought he's got
no chance he won't last two days here
but he supplied the longest smashed it
so what was that just from drugs
drugs mental health me mental health
i've
i've met a lot of problems since i was
younger
no one no one believed in it but i've
come here
and i've people do believe in you do you
know what i mean you should be so proud
of yourself too
i am for how far you've come i am this
place is for people who want to change
the light and it is life for family and
we all get on
after arriving at the training session
feeling apprehensive about his big fight
an evening at the shelter has given
chris a new perspective
it was the first time that i had like
loads of other fighters in the room it
felt a little bit like
you know the newborn school when you
walk in and everyone's looking at you
but then
like looking around and you kind of
realize what you're doing for i think
i'm still scared
but there's no way i'm backing out now
and also because you know i've actually
raised money as well so
i'd have to give it back i can't give it
back when it's going to like something
like this
[Music]
[Applause]
so